Before we actually get started with the course,
let's talk about ES5
versus ES6 or let's talk what ES5 and ES6 means to begin with.
ES stands for ECMAScript and now you might be confused because a few seconds ago, I was talking about
Javascript.
Now what's ECMAScript? ECMAScript kind of is the overarching language which has its own committee
if you want to put it like this, which develops language, implements new features or at least decides
which new features should be implemented in the next version and so on
and Javascript therefore is kind of a dialect of ECMAScript, though
you think you can safely say it's the most important one and therefore the two terms are often used
interchangeably
and as a dialect, it follows the specifications of ECMAScript.
So when I talk about ES5 and ES6, I talk about versions of this language and currently, ES5 is the
most recent version which means it's supported by all major browsers even for a bit of the older versions
of these browsers.
ES6 will be the next big thing,
it will be the next version of Javascript if you want to put it like this and it implements many cool
features and indeed, you can check out my ES6 bootcamp to learn about those new features.
However ES6 is not supported by all browsers yet and oftentimes you will need some polyfills
or transpilers which actually transpile
your code back to ES5 versions which then will work again.
So it's not natively supported and
therefore in this course, I am focusing on ES5,
the code which will actually run for sure and you may check out my ES6 bootcamp for all the new cool
features which you will be able to use in the future.